Update Gen-Gherkin Plugin Documentation (#18)
DevOps-MBSE/aac-gen-gherkin: docs/source/index.rst

AaC Gen-Gherkin Plugin
====================

Gen-Gherkin - Generate feature files from your AaC model.

> The AaC Gen-Gherkin (aac-gen-gherkin) Plugin is an extension of the core AaC tool and generates a diagram from an AaC model. General AaC documentation can be found `here`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AaC Gen-Gherkin (aac-gen-gherkin) Plugin is an extension of the core AaC tool and generates a feature file from an AaC model. General AaC documentation can be found `here`_.
```

>    :caption: Project Documentation

Reviewer: Doesn't let me comment, but there is an inclusion portion at line 1 that is not necessary since there is no home page for this documentation.

Reviewer: This should point to something like the README or direct Gen-Gherkin page. How you added just puts it to the table of contents in the side bar.

Reviewer: @bunchw still need to modify the landing page of documentation to either include the Gen-Gherkin page or the README. You just have the table of contents in the side bar displaying right now.
